chore(curriculum): remove wiki reference from cip (#46457)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/10-coding-interview-prep/rosetta-code/cramers-rule.md

# --description--

> A <a href="https://rosettacode.org/wiki/Cramer%27s_rule" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow">Cramer's rule</a> make use of the value of determinants to determine the original values in a system. Here is an example of determinant:

Reviewer: Something like this?
```suggestion
<a href="https://rosettacode.org/wiki/Cramer%27s_rule" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow">Cramer's rule</a> is a formula for solving a system of linear equations by using the determinates of matrixes formed from subsets of the coefficients and right hand side values.

The determinate of a matrix with 2 rows and two columns is given by:
```

$\begin{aligned}|A|={\begin{vmatrix}a&b\\\c&d\end{vmatrix}}=ad-bc.\end{aligned}$

> Given a system of determinants:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Given a system of linear equations:
```
